Add base_coords for OptionsFlow and action call in waze_travel_time (#44529)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/waze_travel_time.markdown

- The `incl_filter`/`excl_filter` allow you to force the {% term integration %} to use a particular route or avoid a particular route in its time travel calculation. These inputs must be an exact match to the street name including casing, spaces, and special characters. Use the service [`waze_travel_time.get_travel_times`](#action-waze_travel_timeget_travel_times) to get the exact street names for each route.
- When using the `Avoid Toll Roads?`, `Avoid Subscription Roads?` and `Avoid Ferries?` options, be aware that Waze will sometimes still route you over toll roads or ferries if a valid vignette/subscription is assumed. Default behavior is that Waze will route you over roads having subscription options. It is therefor best is to set both `Avoid Toll Roads?` and `Avoid Subscription Roads?` or `Avoid Ferries?` if needed and experiment to ensure the desired outcome.

> - If either **Origin** or **Destination** is an address the Waze API tries to resolve it to coordinates. Since this might be ambiguous, `base_coordinates` instruct Waze to prefer results closer to the provided coordinates. By default, `base_coordinates` are the coordinates of your home.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When **Origin** or **Destination** is a street address, Waze resolves it to coordinates. If the address matches multiple locations, Waze selects the result closest to the `base_coordinates. By default, this is your home location.
```
How about something like this? Would this be correct?

Author: Yes. I kept `address` instead of `street address` because Waze also supports city names or points of interest.

| `avoid_toll_roads` | yes | Whether to avoid toll roads | True |
| `avoid_ferries` | yes | Whether to avoid ferries | True |
| `avoid_subscription_roads` | yes | Whether to avoid subscription roads | True |

> | `base_coordinates` | yes | In case of the input address yielding multiple results, the result closest to the base coordinates is chosen. | "51.330436, 3.802043" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `base_coordinates` | yes | When Waze finds multiple matching locations for an address, it selects the one closest to these coordinates. Uses the `lat, long` format. | "51.330436, 3.802043" |
```

Author: I would like to keep this aligned with the description in `core` so any change here must also be approved there.
I think this is fine:
`When Waze finds multiple matching locations for an address, it selects the one closest to these coordinates.`
The example should already show what format it expects.
